# V2 Work Items

Note: This is a raw list of things that need to be done.
Issues should be tracked with the `v2` milestone.

## Un-ordered Work items

### Modifying config files

-   [x] Make sure the `cspell.config.js` does not get modified by the extension when changing words or settings.
-   [ ] Make sure the correct `cspell*.json` files are updated when writing settings.
-   [x] Support `package.json` as a target location for `cspell` settings.
-   [x] Support `yaml` config files.
-   [ ] Support concept of readonly configuration files.
-   [x] Verify Yarn 2 support

### Commands

-   [ ] Ignore word should update the correct files.
-   [ ] Feature: create dictionary command.
-   [x] Create config file command

### Non-File URIs

-   [x] Support `untitled` file schema.
-   [ ] Support non-`file` schemas.

### Preferences

-   [ ] Support checking only files in the Workspace
-   [ ] Support setting preferences for config location.

### Documentation

-   [ ] Document how to setup a custom dictionary

### Context Menu

-   [x] Fix the options listed in the context menu to include `cspell` as a destination for words
-   [x] Do not split words when adding to dictionary.
-   [x] When adding a word that is a Diagnostic to the dictionary, do not ask.

### Reliability

-   [ ] Detect server hangs
-   [ ] Warn about documents that take too long to check.
-   [ ] Be able to block documents that take too long to check.
-   [ ] Be able to re-start the server if necessary.
-   [ ] Be able to kill the server if stuck.

### Bug Fixes

-   [x] Fix issue with Accents
-   [ ] Support for case sensitive dictionaries.

### Third-party issues

-   [ ] [Support virtual workspaces 路 Issue #846 路 streetsidesoftware/vscode-spell-checker](https://github.com/streetsidesoftware/vscode-spell-checker/issues/846)
-   [ ] [Support Workspace Trust 路 Issue #839 路 streetsidesoftware/vscode-spell-checker](https://github.com/streetsidesoftware/vscode-spell-checker/issues/839)

    Workspace Trust is going to require some modifications to `cspell` in order to prevent it from
    loading any untrusted sources.

    There is a two step plan:

    1. Disable the extension in an untrusted environment.
    2. Enable the extension and use `cspell` trust settings to prevent loading of untrusted `.js` files.
